fixing MC-119 : clarifying approximations about max. heap size (#21)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: src/docs/asciidoc/cache_size.adoc

|
|===

> NOTE: When the cluster has a lot of connected clients (especially with near-caches) or the number of other data structures is significant, these will consume additional heap space. In this case, `hazelcast.mc.cache.max.size` need to be adjusted accordingly. The above reference numbers were taken by benchmarking a cluster with no clients and no distributed objects other than maps.

Reviewer: ... clients (especially with Near Caches) or the ...

.. heap space. In this case, you need to adjust `hazelcast.mc.cache.max.size` accordingly. The above ...

> NOTE: in case the cluster has a lot of connected clients (especially with near-caches), or the number of other data structures is significant, then these will consumer additional heap space, and `hazelcast.mc.cache.max.size` will have to be adjusted accordingly. The above reference numbers were taken by benchmarking a cluster with no clients and no distributed objects other than maps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: When the cluster has a lot of connected clients (especially with near-caches) or the number of other data structures is significant, these will consume additional heap space. In this case, `hazelcast.mc.cache.max.size` need to be adjusted accordingly. The above reference numbers were taken by benchmarking a cluster with no clients and no distributed objects other than maps.
```

NOTE: In cases when adjusting `hazelcast.mc.cache.max.size` is not sufficient, you may consider turning off statistics collection for some of your distributed objects with their respective `"statistics-enabled"` configuration settings, so that Management Center will have to store less data in-memory.

> 

Reviewer: ... configuration settings, so that Management Center stores less in-memory data.
